blog: add "Upgrade Guide for fluent-package v6" article (#392)
fluent/fluentd-website: content/blog/20250904_upgrade-guide-for-fluent-package-v6.md

1. Check manually installed plugins
2. Stop the Fluentd service
3. Back up registry settings (Windows only)
4. Install Fluent Package v6 LTS
5. Reinstall plugins
6. Restart the Fluentd service

Below are details for each step.

### 1. Check manually installed plugins
If your current version (before upgrade) is Fluent Package v5.0.2 or later (v5.0.3 for Windows),
you can use the bundled [fluent-diagtool](https://github.com/fluent/diagtool) to list manually installed plugins.

Run the following command:

```sh
$ /opt/fluent/bin/fluent-diagtool -t fluentd -o /tmp
```

* `-t fluentd`: required
* `-o /tmp`: specifies the output directory for results (you can choose any directory)

The tool outputs various information to standard output.
The following section shows the list of manually installed plugins:

```
(...)
2025-07-17 08:13:31 +0000: [Diagtool] [INFO] [Collect] fluent-package manually installed gem information is stored in /tmp/20250717081331/output/gem_local_list.output
2025-07-17 08:13:31 +0000: [Diagtool] [INFO] [Collect] fluent-package manually installed gems:
2025-07-17 08:13:31 +0000: [Diagtool] [INFO] [Collect]   * fluent-plugin-remote_syslog
(...)
```

> In this example, the only manually installed plugins are `fluent-plugin-remote_syslog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the only manually installed plugin is `fluent-plugin-remote_syslog`.
```
